Adding in new VTExplain in bulk user guide (#530)
vitessio/website: content/en/docs/user-guides/vtexplain.md

## Overview

To successfully analyze your SQL queries and determine how Vitess executes each statement, follow these steps:

1. Identify a SQL schema for the statement's source tables
1. Identify a VSchema for the statement's source tables 
1. Run the VTExplain tool

> If you have a large number of queries you would like to analyze for issues, based on a Vschema you’ve created for your database, you can read through a detailed scripted example [here](../../user-guides/vtexplain-in-bulk).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a large number of queries you want to analyze for issues, based on a Vschema for your database, you can read through a detailed scripted example [here](../../user-guides/vtexplain-in-bulk).
```

## 1. Identify a SQL schema for tables in the statement

> In order to explain a statement, first identify the SQL schema for the tables that the statement will use. This includes tables that a query targets and tables that a DML statement modifies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to explain a statement, first identify the SQL schema for the tables that the statement uses. This includes tables that a query targets and tables that a DML statement modifies.
```
